h1. What is it ?

For each Github repository there is a download section which allows people to download project tags. Sometimes project has distribution artifacts which provide a functionnal application out of the box.

This maven plugin allows you to deploy your project ditribution artifacts to the repository download section during the build process.

h3. How to use it ?

h4. Maven plugin repository

Actually, I don't have an official maven repository. To use this plugin you have to add the following lines in your pom.xml or settings.xml file.

<pre>
  <pluginRepositories>
	  <pluginRepository>
          <id>releases</id>
          <url>https://github.com/kevinpollet/maven-repository/raw/master/releases/</url>
          <layout>default</layout>
      </pluginRepository>
      <pluginRepository>
          <id>snpashots</id>
          <url>https://github.com/kevinpollet/maven-repository/raw/master/snapshots</url>
          <layout>default</layout>
      </pluginRepository>
  </pluginRepositories>
</pre>

h4. Available goals

*maven-github-plugin:upload*

*maven-github-plugin:list*

h4. How keep your github token secret

h3. Reporting a bug

To report an issue you just have to open it in the repository issue tracker.

h3. Licence

<pre>
Copyright 2011 Kevin Pollet

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License
</pre>



